Algorithm doc updates (#112)
osu-tournament-rating/otr-docs: docs/Rating Framework/Rating Calculation/Rating Decay.md

Rating decay is the process by which we handle inactivity in o!TR. Much like analogous systems in other competitive games, decay addresses the fact that player performance becomes more uncertain and typically declines as time passes.

Every player is assigned a [[Rating Calculation Overview#Rating|rating]] $\mu$ and [[Rating Calculation Overview#Volatility|volatility]] $\sigma$, and decay affects both of these quantities.

## Volatility Decay

> Every week at Wednesday 12:00 UTC after a player's first match, their volatility increases slightly. More precisely, $\sigma^2$ increases by $500$, up to a maximum of the starting volatility for a new player. Therefore, players who are more active (that is, play in more verified matches per week) will have their volatility settle at a lower equilibrium.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every week, all players receive an adjustment which increases their volatility slightly. These adjustments are applied at Wednesday 12:00 UTC to all players after their first match date. More precisely, $\sigma^2$ increases by $500$, up to a maximum of the starting volatility for a new player. Therefore, players who are more active will have their volatility settle at a lower equilibrium.
```
